##############################################################################
#
# based on hybrid
# best viewed on shaded or black terminal
#
##############################################################################

background           = white  black
frame                = yellow black bold
window_title         = yellow black bold
directory            = white  black
selected_directory   = yellow black bold
playlist             = white  black bold
selected_playlist    = green  black bold
file                 = white  black
selected_file        = green  black dim,underline
marked_file          = yellow black bold
marked_selected_file = green  black bold
info                 = blue   black bold
selected_info        = blue   black bold
marked_info          = green  black bold
marked_selected_info = green  black bold
status               = white  black
title                = green  black bold
state                = yellow black bold
current_time         = yellow black bold
time_left            = yellow black bold
total_time           = white  black bold
time_total_frames    = yellow black bold
sound_parameters     = yellow black bold
legend               = white  black
disabled             = blue   black bold
enabled              = white  black bold
empty_mixer_bar      = white  black
filled_mixer_bar     = black  blue
empty_time_bar       = white  black
filled_time_bar      = black  blue
entry                = white  blue
entry_title          = yellow black bold
error                = red    black bold
message              = green  black bold
plist_time           = white  black bold
