##############################################################################
#
# LCD theme for MOC by orveldv  (version 2)
# 06/May/2007
#
##############################################################################

background           = white   white normal
frame                = white   white bold
window_title         = white   white bold
directory            = black   white normal
selected_directory   = white   black bold
playlist             = cyan    default
selected_playlist    = white   black bold
file                 = black   white normal
selected_file        = white   black bold
marked_file          = white   white bold
marked_selected_file = cyan    black bold
info                 = cyan    white bold
selected_info        = blue    black bold
marked_info          = green   white bold
marked_selected_info = green   white bold
status               = white   cyan  bold
title                = white   white bold
state                = red     white blink
current_time         = blue    white normal
time_left            = cyan    white bold
total_time           = black   white bold
time_total_frames    = black   white normal
sound_parameters     = white   white bold
legend               = black   white normal
disabled             = cyan    white normal
enabled              = blue    white bold
empty_mixer_bar      = black   white bold
filled_mixer_bar     = black   cyan  bold
empty_time_bar       = white   white normal
filled_time_bar      = black   cyan  bold
entry                = black   white normal
entry_title          = black   cyan  normal
error                = red     white normal
message              = magenta white normal
plist_time           = blue    default
